README.md, before:

# WattWise

Unicorn Internship.

## Setting Up

### Local Development

1. Clone repository

```
git clone https://github.com/Kotyarishka/unicorn-internship.git
```

2. Install dependencies of the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
```

3. Install dependencies of the backend

```
cd backend
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file for backend and frontend folowing the `.env.example` files in the respective folders.
5. Start the backend

```
cd backend
npm run dev
```

6. Start the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:5173/` to see the app.

### Production

1. Clone repository

```
git clone https://github.com/Kotyarishka/unicorn-internship.git
```

2. Install dependencies of the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
```

3. Install dependencies of the backend

```
cd backend
npm install
```

4. Make sure to setup the `.env` files for both frontend and backend. You can follow the `.env.example` files in the respective folders. Make sure to set `APP_ORIGIN` env variable to your domain.
5. Build the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm run build
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You will need to rebuild the frontend every time you make changes to env. 6. Build the backend

```
cd backend
npm run build
```

7. Start the backend

```
cd backend
npm start
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You will need to rebuild the backend every time you make changes to env. 6. Build the backend

8. Visit your domain to see the app.

Commit message:

update readme file with live preview

README.md, after:

# WattWise

Unicorn Internship.

## Check out the app

There is a live version of the app hosted on my domain. You can check it out [here](https://unicorn-internship.multiverse-project.com/).

> [!NOTE]
> You can use the following credentials to login to the app:
>
> - Email: `test@test.com`
> - Password: `123123`

## Setting Up

### Local Development

1. Clone repository

```
git clone https://github.com/Kotyarishka/unicorn-internship.git
```

2. Install dependencies of the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
```

3. Install dependencies of the backend

```
cd backend
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file for backend and frontend folowing the `.env.example` files in the respective folders.
5. Start the backend

```
cd backend
npm run dev
```

6. Start the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:5173/` to see the app.

### Production

1. Clone repository

```
git clone https://github.com/Kotyarishka/unicorn-internship.git
```

2. Install dependencies of the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm install
```

3. Install dependencies of the backend

```
cd backend
npm install
```

4. Make sure to setup the `.env` files for both frontend and backend. You can follow the `.env.example` files in the respective folders. Make sure to set `APP_ORIGIN` env variable to your domain.
5. Build the frontend

```
cd frontend
npm run build
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You will need to rebuild the frontend every time you make changes to env. 6. Build the backend

```
cd backend
npm run build
```

7. Start the backend

```
cd backend
npm start
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You will need to rebuild the backend every time you make changes to env. 6. Build the backend

8. Visit your domain to see the app.
